Release notes for 3.78.0 (#3463)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta: CHANGELOG.md

## 3.78.0 (Unreleased)

IMPROVEMENTS:
* composer: added validation for `max_pods_per_node` field. ([#3445](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/3445))
* servicenetworking: added support for `user_project_override` and `billing_project ` to `google_service_networking_connection` ([#3455](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/3455))

BUG FIXES:

> * fixed a crash on `azure_blob_storage_data_source` for `google_storage_transfer_job` ([#3447](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/3447))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* storagetransfer: fixed a crash on `azure_blob_storage_data_source` for `google_storage_transfer_job` ([#3447](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/3447))
```

Reviewer 2: (same for tpg)

> * bigquerydatatransfer: fixed a bug where `destination_dataset_id` was required, it is now optional. ([#3438](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/3438))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* bigquery: fixed a bug in `google_bigquery_data_transfer_config` where `destination_dataset_id` was required, it is now optional . ([#3438](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/3438))
```

Reviewer 2: I think this one is correct, BQ data transfer is a separate API

Reviewer: You're totally right. While confirming what tag we used before, I saw that this note was already a part of the previous changelog entry, so I'm editing my suggestion to remove the line entirely

Reviewer 2: Oh, unusual- I wonder what caused it to show up twice.
